---
title: Installation
description: Get started with Nuxt Fonts right away.
---

## Automatic Installation

To get started, add `@nuxt/fonts` to your project:

```bash
npx nuxi@latest module add fonts
```

## Manual Installation

Or you can install it manually.

::code-group
  ```bash [pnpm]
  pnpm i @nuxt/fonts
  ```
  ```bash [yarn]
  yarn add @nuxt/fonts
  ````
  ```bash [npm]
  npm i @nuxt/fonts
  ```
::

Then, add it to the `modules` in your `nuxt.config`:

```ts [nuxt.config.ts]
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  modules: [
    '@nuxt/fonts',
  ]
})
```

## Configuration

If you don't already have it in your `.gitignore`, go ahead and add the `.data` directory:

```ignore [.gitignore]
.data
```

You can now get started by adding a `font-family` declaration to your CSS. ✨

```vue
<template>
  <div>
    Hello Nuxt Fonts!
  </div>
</template>

<style scoped>
div {
  font-family: Roboto, sans-serif;
}
</style>
```

That's it! Nuxt Fonts will detect this and you should immediately see the web font loaded in your browser. [Read more about how it works](/advanced#how-it-works).

::callout{icon="i-heroicons-exclamation-triangle" color="amber"}
To improve performance, `@nuxt/fonts` by default only loads the normal/400 font-weight. See the [configuration docs](/get-started/configuration#styles) on how to change this default.
::

::callout
Check out the [configuration docs](/get-started/configuration) for all available options and features to customize.
::

## Troubleshooting

If an error occurs during installation:

- Ensure that you are using the latest LTS version of Node.js ([release schedule](https://github.com/nodejs/release#release-schedule))

- Try to upgrade to latest versions:

  ::code-group
    ```bash [pnpm]
    pnpm up @nuxt/fonts
    ```

    ```bash [yarn]
    yarn upgrade @nuxt/fonts
    ```

    ```bash [npm]
    npm up @nuxt/fonts
    ```
  ::

- Try recreating your lock-file:

  ```bash
  npx nuxt@latest upgrade --force
  ```

- Check your network connection. Your machine might be having a hard time communicating with the font providers.

- If none of the above worked, please [open an issue](https://github.com/nuxt/fonts/issues) and include the error trace, OS, Node version and the package manager used for installing.

- If you're missing certain fonts or their variations, please confirm the module is [configured to load](/get-started/configuration#styles) the fonts you expected to see.
